### Knowledge Check
- What is the DOM?
  - Document Object Model is a tree-like representation of the contents of a webpage - a tree of “nodes” with different relationships depending on how they’re arranged in the HTML document.
- How do you target the nodes you want to work with?
  - Use "selectors"
  - Use a combination of CSS-style selectors and relationship properties
  - Use relational selectors
- How do you create an element in the DOM?
  - document.createElement(tagName, [options])
- How do you add an element to the DOM?
  - parentNode.appendChild(childNode)
  - parentNode.insertBefore(newNode, referenceNode) 
- How do you remove an element from the DOM?
  - parentNode.removeChild(child)
- How can you alter an element in the DOM?
  - Adding inline style
  - Editing Attributes
- When adding text to a DOM element, should you use textContent or innerHTML? Why?
  - textContent is preferred. Only use innerHTML if there's no user's input.
- Where should you include your Javascript tag in your HTML file when working with DOM nodes?
  - At the end of the <body>, right before the </body> closing tag
- How do “events” and “listeners” work?

- What are three ways to use events in your code?
  - > <button onclick="alert('Hello World')">Click Me</button>
  - ><!-- the html file -->
	><button id="btn">Click Me</button>
	>// the JavaScript file
	>const btn = document.querySelector('#btn');
	>btn.onclick = () => alert("Hello World");
  - > <button id="btn">Click Me Too</button>
	> // the JavaScript file
	> const btn = document.querySelector('#btn');
	> btn.addEventListener('click', () => {
	>   alert("Hello World");
	> });

- Why are event listeners the preferred way to handle events?
- What are the benefits of using named functions in your listeners?
- How do you attach listeners to groups of nodes?
- What is the difference between the return values of querySelector and querySelectorAll?
- What does a “nodelist” contain?
- Explain the difference between “capture” and “bubbling”.
